Hello, everyone.
My name is Mohammed Osman, and welcome to my course, Visualising Data on AWS.
I am a software developer and a machine learning enthusiast at Smarter Code.
A picture is worth 1,000 words is an English proverb that tells
us how much powerful data visualization is.
With data visualization, we can easily grasp tremendous datasets,
find outliers and interesting patterns,
and even communicate our findings to executive audience.
In this course,
we are going to follow a hands‑on approach to learn about how
to visualize our data using AWS QuickSight,
a very handy and easy‑to‑use tool by Amazon.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include what is AWS
QuickSight and its benefits, how to connect and load our
dataset to AWS QuickSight, and how to create different
visualizations using AWS QuickSight.
By the end of this course,
you will know how to load and visualize your data using AWS QuickSight.
I hope you will join me on this journey to learn about data visualization with Visualizing Data on AWS here, at Pluralsight.